- omnibus-ctl: command (subcommand)
  - check-config
    - Check if there are any configuration in gitlab.rb that is removed in specified version
deploy-page
  Put up the deploy page
diff-config
  Compare the user configuration with package available configuration
get-redis-master
  Get connection details to Redis master
prometheus-upgrade
  Upgrade the Prometheus data to the latest supported version
remove-accounts
  Delete *all* users and groups used by this package
reset-grafana
  Reset Grafana instance to its initial state by removing the data directory
set-grafana-password
  Reset admin password for Grafana
upgrade
  Run migrations after a package upgrade
upgrade-check
  Check if the upgrade is acceptable
General Commands:
  cleanse
    Delete *all* gitlab data, and start from scratch.
  help
    Print this help message.
  reconfigure
    Reconfigure the application.
  show-config
    Show the configuration that would be generated by reconfigure.
  uninstall
    Kill all processes and uninstall the process supervisor (data will be preserved).
Service Management Commands:
  graceful-kill
    Attempt a graceful stop, then SIGKILL the entire process group.
  hup
    Send the services a HUP.
  int
    Send the services an INT.
  kill
    Send the services a KILL.
  once
    Start the services if they are down. Do not restart them if they stop.
  restart
    Stop the services if they are running, then start them again.
  service-list
    List all the services (enabled services appear with a *.)
  start
    Start services if they are down, and restart them if they stop.
  status
    Show the status of all the services.
  stop
    Stop the services, and do not restart them.
  tail
    Watch the service logs of all enabled services.
  term
    Send the services a TERM.
  usr1
    Send the services a USR1.
  usr2
    Send the services a USR2.
Backup Commands:
  backup-etc
    Backup GitLab configuration [options]
Let's Encrypt Commands:
  renew-le-certs
    Renew the existing Let's Encrypt certificates
Database Commands:
  get-postgresql-primary
    Get connection details to the PostgreSQL primary
  patroni
    Interact with Patroni
  pg-password-md5
    Generate MD5 Hash of user password in PostgreSQL format
  pg-upgrade
    Upgrade the PostgreSQL DB to the latest supported version
  revert-pg-upgrade
    Run this to revert to the previous version of the database
  set-replication-password
    Set database replication password
  write-pgpass
    Write a pgpass file for the specified user
Gitaly Commands:
  praefect
    Interact with Gitaly cluster
Container Registry Commands:
  registry-garbage-collect
    Run Container Registry garbage collection.
Consul Commands:
  consul
    Interact with the gitlab-consul cluster
Gitlab Geo Commands:
  geo
    Interact with Geo
  geo-replication-pause
    Replication Process
  geo-replication-resume
    Replication Process
  promote-db
    Promote secondary PostgreSQL database
  promote-to-primary-node
    Promote to primary node
  promotion-preflight-checks
    Run preflight checks for promotion to primary node
  replicate-geo-database
    Replicate Geo database
  set-geo-primary-node
    Make this node the Geo primary
Pgbouncer Commands:
  pgb-console
    Connect to the pgbouncer console
  pgb-kill
    Send the "resume" command to pgbouncer
  pgb-notify
    Notify pgbouncer of an update to its database
  pgb-resume
    Send the "resume" command to pgbouncer
  pgb-suspend
    Send the "suspend" command to pgbouncer
